>> Jen Kramer: The next thing that we're
going to do is the light-dark mode, and
there are layers to how
light-dark modes work.
If you have worked with light-dark mode
before, you've probably used JavaScript.
And you use JavaScript to toggle
classes or toggle style sheets or
something similar to swap your colors
between a lighter color scheme and
a darker color scheme.
But what we're going to do today is
we're gonna do this all with CSS,
this is relatively new to the CSS spec.
And one of one of the interesting
things is that our web page can
actually tap into our
operating systems settings.
So depending on how
your Mac is configured,
depending on how your Windows
computer is configured,
we can have your website look different
automatically without even a switch.
So I wanted to demo that for you first.
And the way we're going to get
that started is right here,
we're in 6b n your following along,
there's the beginning code pen, or
you can continue on with
the one we've been doing.
We have all of our sections all
together in the same web page.
So what we're going to do
here to start with is,
right here in our CSS,
on our HTML elements styling,
we are going to add the following code.
We're gonna say color scheme light dark,
okay?
So right there on the HTML,
we just say color scheme, light,
dark, and then second part,
very important.
On your body, we have already set
a background color and a color and
this is gonna override any of
your operating system settings.
So just for the moment, we're gonna
comment out our background color and
our text color, so
this will now be white and black.
So it looks very similar to what we
had before, but it's a different
shade of white and a different
shade of black, basically speaking.
Okay, so if you are on a Mac,
you can now go to your system settings and
under appearance,
there are some icons here
across the top that say light,
dark and auto.
And what I'm going to do is
switch mine over to dark windows,
people hang on just a second,
I'll tell you how to do this on Windows.
When I switch this over to dark,
it automatically changes the colors on
my webpage, how amazing is that, okay?
So if you're on a Windows computer,
go to your start menu,
and then you're gonna go to settings,
then go to personalization and color.
So for Windows once again it's
settings personalization or
start menu settings personalization and
color.
And on that screen you should have similar
options to light, dark or auto, and
you should be able to switch from
whatever you have on your computer,
from lights to dark and
you should see the same color switching.
All right, so that's really nice.
Notice that the color scheme,
this item works really well up here for
our top part here in our bio,
but as we scroll down,
like into our projects,
you may notice a few issues.
Remember once again that our projects
had some text colors that were
called out here, it does not necessarily
doing what we want it to do, so
this is not a perfect solution, but
it's interesting that the solution exists.
So if you were to build
a very basic webpage,
this is one possible way of doing it.